welcome everyone to dragon city people
are people i purchased a little bit of
gems because there's this new thing came
out with this twister dragon plus 3
million oh wow i was a fly in my face
gonna go ahead and fill all of these
credits oh snap yeah have new storage
thingy and so I blew the twister dragon
only need four gems to hatch this so I'm
gonna hatch my aquamarine I'd call this
little guy ocean let us put OSHA right
in here where he can feel himself be
feeling is this dragon likes to live
near water he gets his name from his
color a sheet of transfer green and blue
he likes to camouflage himself in the
water when he's a big fish aquamarine is
very agile and graceful jardim how
beautiful how cute you are you little
lizard paki and this what he looks like
way he's all grown up and this is
supposedly what he looks like when he's
swimming underwater whoa there's so many
flowers around I just like sniffing him
never there's a space free here I think
we can go in her storage now put down
that twister dragon there we go let's
see how long it's gonna take for it to
hatch a 16 gems no no no three go into
the line of fire and first up we have
pebbles the gummy dragon she's fat she's
fluffy she's tasty she's pink and now we
will use the earth attack inside her
eyeballs go hit you saw your eyes man
you ain't gonna be bazzini hey hey hey
like my little toe blue balls hey I next
up we have the electric battery dragon
hey neither land properly before you
started to get tax on what is the matter
of addy geez all right now electric is
very critical to fire but we have this
in the waist I think we're good to go so
we're in a judo kickin in his mouth he's
a Oh No well hey we can still beat him
don't worry
never gonna get me hi Chuck he was water
and this is our beloved aquamarine
dragon we're gonna use tsunami on your
behind how about that and you can see
the aquamarine jet has to water elements
when it's locked but it's okay you
tsunami on that joint hurry up no
solution allowed what in the world okay
what you got ice water reduce that
stalagmites dropping down the ground
wire you know that's a very evil way to
kill people let's mean I mean what was
the whole purpose of that happening what
was that anyways now we have the ice
element upon which we are going to need
Oh does it fire to melt ice cuz we can't
use water to melt lies cami I don't know
maybe that won't work maybe well I don't
know use the tsunami please don't drop
any ice holes oh yeah what's that why do
you keep doing this okay that's clearly
not gonna work but you can hand in there
osha's just hang in there oh shiz the
ferocious aquamarine piece of toast last
up tsunami oh yeah feel that boy feel
that beak look how terrified he is you
can see the fear in his eyes oh god that
poor guy he knows he's going to die
that's just a look before you know
you're going to take your last breath
before you to get back our tooth is and
we got that whore whore oh my peace of
the Lord is with you because all I am
the monster dragon and I say we will
beat my dong bong ball isn't balling the
thing that people like suck on to take
draw
are flying in slow motion I hate this
stupid stupid java thing it makes us
look like were stinking our wings I wish
week when we come back we'll be able to
hatch all these ones and haven't gotten
my gems yeah hello what you doing my
goodness yeah I know you guys are
waiting there patiently know what
happened they had a huge falling-out
they just really don't like each other
we while watching the sunset trying to
calm yourselves down from the whole heat
thing that you had last night that's
right hello these guys hate each other
because ones on top here once in the
bottom there I mean you're all in a
treetop and you're always the ocean
bottom if you can't get me further than
that this baby was not made in love I'm
helping out my palm boy here Renato
everything won't load and what is going
on over there oh no no no this horrible
territory no no no no no we're getting
out of here right now is exactly why
don't visit people's Islands alright
guys well that is it keep it like if you
want to see more dragon city if you want
to see those babies pop out of their
mothers wombs and burst them open All
Right see you later oh